This is the story of Khojisteh wanting to go visit her lover, but the Parrot
tries to encourage her not to do so, by telling her a story about the the Soldier’s wife.
Khojisteh: Ugh, I really miss my bae and want to go and visit him so bad.
Parrot: Hunny, your husband is away working hard and you must show him some respect…
Let me tell you the story of the “soldiers wife put to confusion of the nobleman”
The Parrot begins telling the story by the introduction of the Soldier.
Soldier: My wife is the most beautiful woman on this planet, and I am certain that
she is cheating on me, because like who wouldn’t want a piece of that?
So, the soldier goes home to see his wife to make sure she wasn’t cheating on him.
Wife: Umm hello? Why are you back… You’re supposed to be at work.
Soldier: Babe, I’m worried that you’re cheating on me… You’re just so wonderful and perfect,
and I feel like the luckiest man in the world, but I am always under apprehension because of those things.
Wife: You’ve got to be kidding me. “no one can seduce a virtuous woman; and if a women
is vicious, no husband is able to guard her”...
Let me tell you the story of the Jowgee.
There was once a Jowgee who kept his wife on his back as he wandered the desert.
This women, who was at least a ten crazy, was guilty of infidelity with one hundred men.
It must be noted that throughout the Mughal empire, elephants were a symbol of
good luck, which explains the woman’s luck one hundred times.
There was a man who was wandering the desert and spotted an elephant with a litter on its back.
This man ran to the nearest tree and climbed up it and spied on this elephant. The elephant
approached his tree and left his litter near the tree, while he went to go have a bite to eat.
A beautiful woman appeared out of the litter, and the man was starstruck. The man descended from the
tree and introduced himself to the beautiful woman. She introduced herself in a seductive way to the man.
This beautiful, crazy, seductive woman kept a string full of knots, and every time she shacked a
different guy, she added a new knot. So moral of the story, her husband was worried about her chastity,
so he kept her with him at all times, which made her fall out of love with him, and cheat on him.
Soldier: Okay I get it, I’m low key being paranoid. I guess I’ll go back to work, unless you want me to stay?
Wife: Of course I want you to stay, but I think it’s best that you go back to work
and serve our country, so you can someday be with me forever.
Here, take this nosegay with you. It’s a flower bouquet, and symbol of my chastity towards you.
It’ll be in bloom if I am being virtuous. But, if it dies, then you know that I have
cheated with another. This will hopefully keep your mind at ease.
So, the Soldier took the flower his wife gave him and rode to the city where he was stationed.
His mind was now at ease, because his wife had given him a symbol of
her chastity that would be alive for as long as her chastity remained virtuous.